I have just finished watching 1 part of 1 season "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina" and must say it's really awesome! I understand it's only my opinion, but the acting is so high-level, sujet way is unexpected and filled with little secrets and atmosphere.. it's magical, wonderful, as it have to be.
Looking TV series using Netflix plaform is more comfortable than I used to, but this moment doesn't really matter right now. About series..
First one isn't just introduction, it's acquaintance with most of "heroes" - Sabrina, her boyfriend, friends, family. It's made in fun way, but you see at once how powerful that little witch is. Actions started at Monday and Sabrina has birthsday at Friday midnight + Dark Baptism and she's trying not to say too much to her "mortal" friends (witches has limited, but more than one, lifes and can resurrect after death (nice, isn't it?))
Honestly, I looked for whole season in two days and can't now split it out normally, but I'll try..
She have big troubles with taking decision which path to choose : path of light with her mortal friends or path of night with her witch-warlocks family and future school. Little spoiler: just like her parents were warlock+mortal she is half-witch (that doesn't interfere to being the greatest witch in generation) and finally (using the best lawyer in the world (that signed pact with devil earlier)) almost literally knocked out possibility to visit two schools and be part of two worlds. As it'll shown, not very good idea.
At her way, she defeated sleep demon, gained support (in fact was used by) queen of demons, performed an exorcism, repeatedly admited to boyfriend who she is and erased his memory (except the last time when she finally signed in book of beasts and realised that communication with her can may mortal people hurt so she broked with him (wherein before that he broked with her but grasped that their love is more important than all differences))
//in secret, her friends aren't so simple and one is White women with blindless and congential (as she said) cunning, second is capable to see spirit of progenitor helped her.. even Sabrina's boyfriend (whose name is so boring I didn't remember it) grew uo in family of witch-hunters - such delicious coincidence.
What else she did.. She resurrected mortal boy (boyfriend's brother), upset the balance, killed that raised boy (not by her own hands (actually with a rifle)), burned in hellfire 13 incredible strong and already dead witches and saved city from .. hm.. red angel of death, if I'm not mistaken.
All this path she tryed to outwit devil, although she studyed at unholy school of dark arts, endured tortures and was really risked person.
I'm waiting for contination..