7 episode of 2nd Westworld season is about searching for an decoding module hided in one of robots.
In Westworld university robots are like humans: look, think, act, die, and only difference is that they can be repaired and work under whole problems faced before.
But this opportunity, default for their system, became doom for people created them.
And now robots searching for module that can break system for binding them.
In 7 episode they found it and also get known about place where that item may be used.
//I'm sorry that willn't write anything about sujet in case of its beauty - it's so amazing that I need not several strings but several days or even months to share, so I'm not going to try.

8 episode is about old robot that remembers all its lifes (usually characters know only one life and it's one they're living) and tries to find door to real world (honestly, not real, but not-wrong).
Also showed another robot that hacks others and makes them do that it wants. But, as it always goes, strong person has strong weaknesses and they're feelings, emotions, that's much more bizzard if you know they are just programmed. But main idea, I think, is that doesn't matter where's feeling from, if you have freedom to do what you want with it.
//Recommend you to listen soundtrack from Westworld, it's good enought.

9 episode is about one of directeurs own robot-crafting company and even now I'm not sure isn't this character robot too..
All this Westworld is like in the dark and every episode is just a splash of light after that dark becomes again.
It was more emotianal than informational chapter and truly sad. Next is the last.

10 episode is so masterful, beutiful!  So many unexcepted moments in one chapter, and the end isn't uniquely, there're many sides of story, but I'm happy to see it.
However, humanity looks very bad in this serie, but we're good constructors.

First episode of 1st "We Bare Bears" is about searching of lost items, that was maden by 3 cute bears. Pigeon stole their backpack and they did so many strange things to find it. Finally, all was all right, except of half-ruined city and another backpack stolen by them xD

Second episode is about cooking and rules "Don't feed animals" that was broken by, again, 3 bears. Problems was that their food is so good that animals started to kick humans and take their many to pay for food. And in the end they all began to steal food. Fortunately, the bears found a raccoon and scared off with his smell all other animals.