25 episode is about Greez hibernation. He read that all brown bears do it and tried so hard too. But by that time he was too accustomed to "humans" lifestyle. In addition, his brothers do not hibernate.

26 episode is about friend of bears, Charlie, and his sudden love of basketball. But in the end someone was the best player, someone the worst, and everyone stopped playing.

It's the end of 1st season. Next one:

1 episode is about yard sale. Bears, as it turns out, are notable magpies. They took a whole box of free stuff, long played and in the end even saved a few people lifes.

2 episode is about slumber party. Bears had party with Chloe, but suddenly thunderstorm started and turned out electricity. Chloe decided to tell a horror story and scared everyone, including herself, too much .. Fortunately, her father came and reassured the bears.

3 episode is about bears diets. They (I don't know why) decided to visit doctor and she recommended them to take time and follow the diet. Greez ate berries and fish (only), Panda - bamboo and White Bear - .. in his brochure was written to eat seals, so he filched one from zoo and.. befriended him. Happy end^^

4 episode is about "cute-beatiful-nice-awesome-evil koala". New competitor has appeared on the site of Internet stars, so koala wished to change style and invited bears to become his boddies. It was funny like game of ice and flame in the same plate.

5 episode is about stealing purchases. Panda bought garland via the Internet, but someone stole it along the way. In this case bears turned to ranger, who embraced them in almost magical adventure.

6 episode is about secrets among brothers. White bear builded shiny awesome toilet room under cave, Greez and Panda had trip without White and Greez shooted home video where he poked fun at Panda's sweet nature.

7 episode is about disrespect. Panda and Greez were too angry with Bely because they played for days (when he cleaned cave, cooked food), so he left to work at sushi bar, where his talent as a chef was appreciated. In the end, Panda and Greez begged on knees him to return, because they are not capable of anything themselves.

8 episode is about fashion racing. Bears used Panda's phone all the time, so he banned this. Therefore they bought the newest phones and bragged about them. It didn't end, of course, with anything good.

9 episode is again about fashion racing, but now it concerns clothes. Bears wasn't allowed to visit their favourite cafe without clothes, so they had to get dressed. And directly when they did it people started make a pass at them. Girl on motorcycle picked up Panda, Greez got a job in a prestigious company and White became fashion model. Unfortunately this life was too intense for bears and they got undressed.

10 episode is about airplane flight. Greez met his idol, Panda saved too curious baby from the flying serving table and White sat on the plane until the pilot was unconscious.

11 episode is about uninhabited island. Somehow bears got there. And met couple of people: man was falled in love with girl and hided rescue kit until the moment girl'll fall in love with him. But bears destroyed whole plan.

12 episode is about ill bears. They swimmed in dirty lake and then fel seedy. Chloe tried to cure them, but she googled "Bear Flu" and was attacked by governament doctors that was fears of infection. So she ran away from them and found normal veterinarian.

13 episode is about audition for actoring in advertising. Three brothers were in competetion with each other whole day, but in the end producer decided to choose himself xD

14 episode is about "Captain Craboo". It's cute bully, but he has one big flaw - biting all around, including bears. Eventially Greez tamed Craboo, so good, that he interceded bears from koala and had to sail to another country. Where he cuts everything in shape of bears.

For a while I got destracted from We Bare Bears and watched cartoons about Batman.